HARLEQUIN MLWORKS BUG REPORT FORM

To submit a bug report, please complete a copy of this form and send
it to Harlequin Customer Support.  If you are in the UK, Europe,
Africa, Australasia, or Southeast Asia, please send the form by
electronic mail to:

  mlworks-support@harlequin.co.uk 

In North America, South America, and Japan, please send the form to: 

  mlworks-support@harlequin.com 


1.  CUSTOMER DETAILS

Please provide the following details.

(a)  Your name:

(b)  Your organization:

(c)  Your e-mail address:

(d)  Your telephone number:

(e)  Your fax number:

In (d) and (e), please include all codes necessary to call from
outside your local area and country: your country's international
dialling code, and your local exchange code (a.k.a. area code or STD
code).
      
(f)  Your address:

(g)  Your MLWorks license name:

(h)  Your MLWorks license code:  

(i)  The version number of the copy of MLWorks you are using: 



2.  SYSTEM DETAILS

Please supply details of the system upon which you run MLWorks and
upon which you have observed the bug. If you are using UNIX, and using
an X server on a different machine from the one upon which you are
running MLWorks, please supply these details for _both_ machines.


(a)  Hardware platform.  Examples: `SGI MIPS R4000', `Sun SPARC', `Intel x86'

(b)  Operating system.  Examples: `Sun Solaris 2.4', `Microsoft Windows NT 4.0'

(c)  Memory and swap space figures.

Information for items (a), (b), and (c) above can be derived by
interrogating your machine with the following commands. 

 Linux          At the shell command line, type:
                  uname -a
                  dmesg | grep Memory
                  dmesg | grep Swap

 Solaris	At the shell command line, type:

                  showrev -a
                  uname -a
                  prtconf
                  swap -s

 Irix		At the shell command line, type:

                  uname -a
                  hinv
                  swap -s


 Windows NT 4.0    From the Start menu, select Run.  Type:
		   
                    winmsd

                   into the text box and click OK.

 Windows NT 3.51   From the File Manager or Program Manager, select
                   File, then select Run.  Type:
		   
                    winmsd

		   into the text box and click OK.


 Windows 95        From the Start menu, select Settings, then select
                   Control Panel.  Double-click on the System icon. 


3.  UNIX SYSTEM DETAILS

If you are running MLWorks on a UNIX system, please supply the
following information.

(a)  The version number of the X Window System implementation used on
your UNIX machine.  Examples: `X11R5', `X11R6'.

(b)  The supplier of the X Window System implementation used on your
UNIX machine.  Examples: `MIT', `SGI' or `Sun'.
   
(c)  The name and version number of the window manager used on your
UNIX machine.  Examples: `MWM version 1.2.1'.

(d)  If you are using the Solaris operating system, please list the
version numbers of the X, Xt and Xm shared libraries MLWorks uses.  To
find out these version numbers, type the following at a shell command
line:

   ldd <MLWorks-installation-directory>/bin/mlrun 

Replace <MLWorks-installation-directory> in the above command with the
path to the directory in which MLWorks is installed.  

The version numbers of the libraries occur at the end of the library
names in the output.  For example, libXt.so.5.0 means that the library
is version 5.0 of Xt.  

(e) The results of typing the following two commands at the UNIX shell
command line: 

   xhost
   printenv DISPLAY



4.  PROBLEM DESCRIPTION AND BACKGROUND

Please describe the problem you have observed, including as much
relevant detail as possible.

Your description should explain all steps that it is necessary to take
to reproduce the problem.  If relevant, please include a short program
(fewer than 50 lines of code if possible) that reproduces the problem.
The test program should reproduce the problem in the standard
distributed version of the MLWorks environment, on a supported
hardware platform, and without any dependence on your application
code.

In addition to any test code, please include all the commands you used
to build, load, and run your test case, that is, the commands that
reproduce the problem.

We understand that it is difficult to reproduce some problems, but it
is often only by running a completely specified test case that we can
reproduce a problem and thereby solve it.

If you cannot reproduce the problem (perhaps it occurs spontaneously
when your application has been running for a long time) please supply
as much background information as possible so that we can try to
reproduce it.  

Please describe all errors that occur.  If the error is always the
same, please say so.

If you are running MLWorks on UNIX, please try to reproduce the
problem in the TTY environment.  To run MLWorks in TTY mode, invoke it
by passing the -tty argument to the `mlworks' shell script.  You may
also need to use functions from the interactive environment library,
Shell.

If you have access to another, similar, machine (perhaps the same
hardware platform, or a different model, or one running a slightly
different version of the operating system), please tell us if the
problem occurs on that machine too (and provide the usual details for
the machine).  If you have access to the same release of MLWorks on a
different platform, does the problem occur there too?

Please also supply a complete transcript of a session in which you
reproduced the problem.  The transcript should include the command,
menu item, or Windows shortcut that you used to invoke MLWorks.
Include any error messages, stack backtraces, or other output.  A
backtrace is ESSENTIAL when the bug you are reporting causes MLWorks
to enter the debugger on an unhandled exception.

It is only possible to see a backtrace in the non-windowing debugger,
so if you are running MLWorks in GUI mode you must:

  1.  Choose Preferences > General on the MLWorks podium or in a
      listener or compilation manager tool.   

      A dialog appears.

  2.  Turn off the `Always use window debugger' option and click OK or
      Apply.   

Once you have done this, MLWorks will enter the non-windowing debugger
when you next reproduce the error.  At the `Debugger>' prompt, enter
`b'.  MLWorks will generate a backtrace that you can paste into your
bug report.


Thank you for your continued interest in Harlequin MLWorks. 


Harlequin Customer Support
